VaccineRegistrationApp

As the COVID-19 pandemic continues and vaccines are still being rolled out, the country is still seeing problems with sign ups at vaccine sites. Places like Philadelphia are having troubles with screening out ineligible people who have signed up for appointments. Other places, not just in the US, but in the world, are also having troubles with getting deserving people ready and vaccinated. This problem is something that should be addressed as more vaccines become options and readily available. This app is designed to be a more simple way for people to sign up for COVID-19 vaccines. This way of signing up will be adapted through a portal for people to sign in and complete a screening to see if they are eligible for a vaccine. While we only include a sample of sites, those located in Johnson County, Iowa, this app could be expanded to include information about any other locations as well. 

This app is for people in Johnson County, Iowa to sign up for COVID-19 vaccine appointments. Through a GUI, it allows you to check your eligibility for the COVID-19 vaccine, to locate vaccine sites in your zip code, and to sign-up for an appointment at a vaccine site of your choosing. While people who do not live in Johnson County can also use this app to register for an appoinment, the app only includes information about sites and appointments that are located in Johnson County, Iowa. 

To build the project, download the entire project file from the GitHub link above and import into IntelliJ or similar Java IDE. The project can be built as is. To deploy the Vaccine Registration app, run the file RegistrationGUI.java. A GUI will pop-up. First, you will see a screen with some questions that will determine your eligibility for the vaccine. Answer these questions. On this panel, there is also an option to view an FAQ about the vaccines. If you are eligibile to recieve the vaccine, you will be able to choose if you have a preference for Pfizer, Moderna, or J&J. You can choose no preference or any combination of the three. After this selection screen, you will see a new panel where you should input your name, email address, phone number, and zip code. After you input this information, the next panel will show you all of the vaccine sites that offer the vaccine(s) you expressed a preference for. You can select which location you would like, and the next panel shows all of the appointment date/times that are open. 

We would like to change our first stretch goal from “providing directions to selected vaccination site” to including an option for an appointment card-like panel to pop-up, which will include information about the time and date of the vaccine appointment selected, name of clinic/site chosen, and clinic/site address. We made this decision because getting directions from a clinic/site address to an individual's input address would require interfacing with google maps or something similar, which we think is a little beyond our skillset at this point. 
